North Korea agreed to negotiate
with China, Beijing will try to convince
Pyongyang in need to renew
full-fledged negotiations on
resolving the situation on the peninsula in
anyway the process will not be
fleeting and in north korea there
people who are not waiting for the country
agree and flee from north korea to
southern these people are willing to take risks
Andrei Chicken Meets Koreans
defectors gave exclusive material
the details are twink 19 one of the best
aircraft of its time on this machine
North Korean pilot Lebanon drank exactly
30 years ago risking being shot down escaped
from north korea
here in the south but today hundreds of people
ready to substitute themselves for the sake of bullets
order to repeat his route by escaping
from north korea this girl tsoi in a
at first could not get used to abundance
rural supermarkets but it hit
no electronics or bright clothes
there is a lot of food here its first
impression of south korea in north
Korea, my father received 200 grams of rice
per day and shared them with me so the choice
was small either die of hunger either
from the frontier guards 1 decided on
escape from north korea
her mother after a while a woman
returned issued by the North Korean authorities
mom did it on purpose
she was in prison but she recognized the whole
the route and all the secret shelter where you can
had to hide from border guards
five years ago mom released and she
running with me again
tries to forget his old life
it turns bad in the north she left
father to the south took dark memories
I once noticed under a bridge in my
the city many dead of starvation
brought the river I saw how they died
hungry children and in the body news
told that we live in the best
country such as tsoi in south korea
more than twenty thousand
usually runaways cross the border with
China and from there we go to the south
the peninsula they all pass through
special quarantine South Korean special services
find out if there are any defectors
saboteurs
this woman in 87 blew up the South Korean
the liner then killed 115 people and and
sentenced to death but later pardoned
now she is a strong critic
North Korean regime current leader
kim jong un too young and inexperienced
with his aggressive gestures he tries
gain confidence from the generals and this
go mad he thinks that new
the leader lost the chance to like the military I
decided to run after one day
heard the conversation of two soldiers
special forces they said that would be
the war began then we would lose and
I surrendered to the southerners I think in three years
north and south korea will unite
a girl called Tsoi does not believe in conversation
o soon union with a loved one
sharing with her daily rate of rice she
said goodbye forever andrew chicken
Vladimir grandfather all the details channel
inter